SUMMARY OF THE DOCUMENTATIONS ON ARRAY METHODS, FUNCTIONS AND CONTROL FLOW STATEMENTS
ARRAY METHODS
There are various array methods including: 1. Array length which is used to determine the length of a given array. It is used as thus; array.length
2. Array toString() - This method converts an array to a string. All values in the array are seperated by a comma when converted to a string
3. Array join() - This method also converts an array to a string, but the values can be seperated by specified symbols rather than comma as seen in the toString() method.
4. Array pop() - This is used to remove the last item in an array.
5. Array push() This is used to add a new item to the end of an array
6. Array shift() - This removes the first item in an array and shifts all other items in the array to a lower index
Arrays are accessed through their index number and indexing starts from zero. Therefore the first item in the array has an index of 0, the second one has an index of 1 and the last one has an index of array.length - 1.
Array elements can also be removed by using the array.delete(). but this is not advisable to use as it leaves undefined holes in the array.One can concatenate arrays using the array.concat() method. By doing this, two arrays are merged as one returning a totally new array.This can also be used to merge 3 arrays. The concat() method can also merge an array with a string. The array flat() method creates a new array with the sub array elements concatenated. The splice() method adds new items to a specified position in an array. There's also room to determine if any item is to be removed or not. The slice() method slices out a part of an array starting from a specified position

FUNCTIONS
A JavaScript function is a block of coe designed to perform a particular task and is executed when it is called upon. A JS function contains various parts; the function keyword, functionName, parentheses() which may hold one or more parameters, curly brackets{} which contain the actual code to be executed. Function can be invoked or called functionName().When a return statement is reached in functions, the function will stop executing. If ther isn't a return statement, an undefined value is returned. Functions are reusable blocks of codes and when different arguments(parameters) are used, produce different result. Functions can be used as variables. Variable declared within a function are local to the function. A function can be used inside itself and this is termed RECURSION. Functions that are object properties are called METHODS. JS has 4 kinds of function: regular function, generator function, async function, async generator function

CONTROL FLOW STATEMENTS
These allows you to control the order in which statements are executed in the program, based on certain conditions or criteria. There are 3 main control flow statement in JS: if/else statements, switch statements, loops. If/else statement executes a block of code if a condition is true and another block if the condition is false. Switch statements are used to execute a block of code based on the value of a variable or expression. Loops are used to execute a block of code multiple times depending on certain conditions. Loops in JS may be of 2 types: for loop and while loops. For loop uses the for keyword followed by a parentheses() where the condition is specified, then the curly brackets where the code to be executed is written. A while loop simply repeats itself as long as a condition is true. Therefore a while loop can loop forever as long as the condition is true. The do-while loop is a variation of the while loop where the loop is ran once even before the condition is met.